>>BILL MCKENNA: So
Liz was actually
trying to manifest something.
She was like, I wonder if
that exists in my field.
She was like, if it was
somewhere, where would it be?
And she reached out her hand--
she physically felt
it with her hand.
Our mind is the energy
field around us,
and it also carries all
of this information.
If it's in the field, it's
from the past or future.
>>REGINA MEREDITH:
Yeah, exactly.
>>MCKENNA: And if it's
in the chakras, it's now.
Think of whatever that
biggest thing that you want to
manifest.
Just relax and ask yourself,
if it was somewhere,
where would it be?
>>REGINA: There is
magical thinking,
and then there is
true functional magic.
Bill McKenna is back with us
to share his latest discoveries
that may seem magical, but
are in truth practical uses
of directing energies
with the mind
for healing and manifestation.
He's always discovering
new applications
for directing
energy, and is going
to share a method for clearing
cling-ons from our aura.
And much more, right?
>>MCKENNA: Yes, a lot more.
>>REGINA: Yeah,
you're always pushing
the envelope of discovery to
see what can be done with mind.
And you have a whole new thing.
That's why you're back, because
everybody loves what you offer.
And now you have
yet something new.
So let's just jump into it.
And off camera, before, when
I was prepping for this,
we were talking on the
phone, and you were
talking about using clapping.
You found this clapping
technique, right?
And I thought,
well, Bill, that's
what they use to
clear entities out
of spaces in, say, Bali and
some of the other countries.
You said, I didn't know that.
So this is something that you
kind of discovered on your own.
So let's just dive
right in from where
we were to what you're
offering us by way
of practical knowledge today.
>>MCKENNA: OK, all right.
So I have to back up
just one or two steps.
Now, I credit my business
partner, Liz Larson,
with this discovery.
So Liz was actually trying
to manifest something.
And she is very curious.
She was like, I wonder if
that exists in my field.
And she reached out
her hand and she
was like, if it was
somewhere, where would it be?
And she reached out her
hand, and all of a sudden,
she felt it.
And this was not like,
oh, I'm imagining.
She physically felt
it with her hand.
>>REGINA: And you're
talking-- now,
you're saying the thing
that she wanted to manifest,
that we always think
is outside of us--
>>MCKENNA: Correct.
>>REGINA: OK, so
she's saying, I wonder
if it's actually already in me.
Which is a really good
question because why else would
you want to manifest
it unless it's
something that's already
been somehow inculcated
into your being?
>>MCKENNA: Yeah, you're
interested in having that.
And so there she is.
She actually reached out
and touched it and felt it.
She was like, oh, my gosh,
I could feel the sides of it
and the top of it.
And then she was
like, I wonder--
also that thing that's keeping
me from manifesting it--
her fear--
and she was like, I wonder
if I could feel that,
and where would it be?
Oh, my gosh, there it is.
And she felt it with her hand.
Well, she calls me up
right away and says,
hey, I don't know about this.
You try.
And I was like, OK, I'll try.
And I-- OK, and I was like,
oh, my gosh, there it is.
>>REGINA: You were trying
to look at something
that you wanted to manifest.
>>MCKENNA: Right.
And so I said, oh, my gosh,
there is something there.
So that was the beginning
of it, where it was strictly
just a curiosity.
>>REGINA: Then you
started playing.
>>MCKENNA: I started
playing with it.
>>REGINA: But Bill, this
makes perfect sense.
And we're going to go
through the various steps
of manifestation.
But it makes perfect sense.
By the time your
conscious mind has it,
you're already beginning the
process of manifestation.
>>MCKENNA: Oh, yes.
Yes, you are.
>>REGINA: And that
means it would then
be within your auric field
or your energetic matrix.
>>MCKENNA: That is correct, yes.
We think about it,
and then it actually
starts developing in our field.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
I had a wonderful
meditation many years ago,
and said, what are the
upper chakras all about?
And it turned out, I was shown
a vision of how they work.
The step down effect, how
creation and manifestation
works, right up to what
we call the eighth chakra,
and then dropping into
our physical reality.
Later, I read "Physics of
the Soul" by Amit Goswami.
He described it a very similar
way, which totally validates
what you're talking about.
>>MCKENNA: Oh, my God.
I didn't know.
That's awesome.
Yeah, we're going
to get into that.
>>REGINA: We're
going to get into it.
OK, so oftentimes when
we don't manifest,
it's because we have
some unresolved issues.
>>MCKENNA: Absolutely.
>>REGINA: And we all have them.
>>MCKENNA: Yes.
>>REGINA: So let's get
into that part of it.
Let's start with the blocks.
>>MCKENNA: Oh, yeah.
So if you didn't
have any fear at all,
this thing would have
already manifested.
Our fears, our concerns
over whatever keeps it
out in our field and away from
this downgrade process that
ends up taking place.
So it's fairly simple
now that I know about it,
now that I've been able
to do it and teach it
and that sort of thing.
>>REGINA: But yeah,
it dogs most people
because they have
no idea how you even
go about identifying it.
So you say that's also
living in the field.
>>MCKENNA: Yes, it's
actually living in the field.
What is in conflict
with my manifestation?
And for most of us, we'll
be like, what do you mean?
I want to win the lottery.
Yeah, no, I don't
have any blocks.
Well, somewhere,
there's a thing,
like, oh, my family's going
to ask me for all the money,
oh, I'm going to end up
like one of those people
that everything bad happens to.
Whatever.
But that'll be
out in your field,
and it'll be blocking that
coming in and manifesting.
>>REGINA: Plus the
fact that you have
maybe 30 million other people
competing for the same lottery
win with that much desire.
>>MCKENNA: There's a
lot of energy on that.
Yeah, there's a lot of
conflicting energies,
>>REGINA: Oh, my God.
We could probably do a show
just on the whole notion
of luck, what people perceive as
luck, and winning the lottery--
winning it big game.
Where you're talking about
taking away millions.
The attachment, the desire,
the fear, the competition.
All of those energies
colliding together
in this soup of desire.
>>MCKENNA: Correct.
>>REGINA: And fear.
>>MCKENNA: Yes.
And fear.
So the good news is that we can
actually clear our field really
easily now that you
know where it is.
And in that conflict, you
just-- you already know.
If I say, you know
where is that?
If it was somewhere,
where would it be?
Well, it would
probably be about here.
And you reach out
and you actually
can feel it physically
with your hand.
And once that's done, you can
actually just clap right there.
And once you clap--
>>REGINA: And say,
cling-on be gone.
>>MCKENNA: You don't
have to even anything.
You literally just clap, and
then you go back and feel,
and it's not there anymore.
The amount of
energy that we have
being physical and creating
a vibration with our hand
and clapping like
that, what happens is--
these thought forms,
these energy forms
are so fragile relative to that.
I didn't think that.
I thought, oh, my gosh,
this is overwhelming,
it's a dark energy, it's
going to take a lot.
And if you're trying to
deal with just with thought
and energy, it is.
But if you came at it
from the physical aspect
and just clapped--
poof.
And you literally will feel it.
>>REGINA: OK, so this is
what's coming up in my mind
as you're speaking.
So this challenge, whether
it be a person or a belief
or a fear that you've
self-generated,
you clap, and then you
can get it to dissipate.
What about the
thing that created
it to begin with in
the subconscious?
Isn't it going to try to
regenerate the same thing?
>>MCKENNA: Amazing.
An amazing thing--
so yes and no.
So on the yes side-- and the
yes is most of the time--
so we have our physical brain,
and then we have our mind.
Our mind is the energy
field around us,
and it also carries all
of this information.
>>REGINA: All subconscious
memory, everything.
Experience.
>>MCKENNA: All of it is
right there in that field.
So when people do this--
literally clap it out--
the most amazing--
it is so natural,
they just start to
feel differently.
I always ask them,
how do you feel now?
How do you how do you
feel about that now?
Even just a few minutes later--
I give them just a minute
or two for the body
to start absorbing new energy--
and what happens
is they will say,
oh, well, it's just not as
big of a deal, I feel lighter.
Or it'll be a new idea.
It's like, oh, why
didn't I think of that?
Here's the resolution.
>>REGINA: So here we
have an active choice
that we've made that that's
no longer serving us.
It's come to our
awareness, we're
physically connecting with it,
and we're actively choosing
to release that from ourselves.
And then we're taking action
of a vibrational nature--
harsh vibrational
nature, really--
clapping is quite a loud sound--
and we're dissipating it.
But it's really the choice
point that we're done with that.
>>MCKENNA: Yeah.
You're ready to let
go of it, and you're
doing something physical, too.
And there's a vibration.
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
OK, so you say that when you
actually connect with it,
it has kind of a
sponginess about it or so?
>>MCKENNA: Yeah.
>>REGINA: Because I'm thinking
if we can have people right now
just take a moment while
they're watching this just
take a breath.
Let's have people take
a breath right now.
And first, do we want to look at
something you want to manifest,
or what might be blocking
us by way of fear?
And then we'll do the other.
>>MCKENNA: Let's start
with what's blocking you.
OK, what's blocking
you from manifesting?
So think of whatever that
biggest thing that you want to
manifest today.
That's your big thing.
And now what you do--
don't search all over--
just relax and ask yourself,
if it was somewhere,
where would it be?
And reach your hand--
>>REGINA: And then you
start feeling around.
>>MCKENNA: Well, you reach
your hand out to that place
where you think it should
be, and keep your mind on it.
You'll see-- you just feel
right in that neighborhood,
and you'll feel an air
sponge or a thickness,
just a thickness there.
And then as soon
as you do it, you
can actually put your hand
right in the middle of it.
It doesn't take much.
You'll feel it.
And this is physical.
>>REGINA: OK, now
that's interesting
because I see that
you're reaching out
with your left hand.
I'm dyslexic somewhat, so I
get my right and left mixed up.
That was your left hand.
Because I'm noticing
this is my left hand
and you're mirroring me.
So we're both reaching
out with our left hand.
Now, this gets to
something we were
going to talk to you
a little bit later,
but it makes perfect sense.
If you look at Eileen
McKusick's work,
it's the left side of
the body, as I recall--
I had a session with her--
it was the left side
of the body that
was measured with the
tuning forks as the tree
rings of our experiences and
our trauma and joys in life.
So it would make
sense that you're--
it doesn't mean it
has to live there,
but the way that's broken
down is this is your history,
and this is how it's actually
affecting the right side, how
it's showing up and
functioning in your life now.
>>MCKENNA: OK.
Well--
>>REGINA: Then you can tell
whether it's from the past
or it's dogging
you in the moment.
I'm just playing with you.
>>MCKENNA: Yes.
Well, her research
is just awesome.
You know I just love her work.
She's awesome.
So--
>>REGINA: I'm just
saying, as people are now
searching around, I'm just
tossing that out there.
>>MCKENNA: Yeah.
It's a good idea.
But what I say is,
just let go, and just
feel whatever comes to you.
Who knows why it
is, where it is.
But Eileen's work
is just so awesome
because she has an awful lot
of research over many decades.
>>REGINA: Yeah, and I just
noticed both of our left hands
went out, and I
thought, oh-- it's
like it's naturally
searching for something
that is in our history.
>>MCKENNA: Yes.
And one of the things I love
about her work is that--
and this is something that she
actually participated in this,
she helped out-- which
is, if it's in the field,
it's from the past or future.
>>REGINA: Yeah, exactly.
>>MCKENNA: And if it's
in the chakras, it's now.
So anyway, this helps
everybody to know,
it's also where
if we are wanting
something, that means
it's outside of us,
and our subconscious,
we're looking
to that particular location.
When me move this
out of the field
and through this downgrading
process into the physical,
you actually feel different,
and you can't locate it anymore
out there mentally.
>>REGINA: That's
really interesting.
And you know me, I've got to
kind of dig down and find out
the mechanics of--
I like knowing the mechanics
of magic, personally.
So that makes sense.
So I can't really do that
live right now with you
because I'm sitting in a chair.
If I were at home--
I'm hoping people are
already doing this--
you want to stand up
somewhere where you can really
kind of feel around
in your aura,
your hands are
free to roam a bit,
and you're in a quiet space.
OK, so hopefully people
have now manifested
and they've now been able to
touch with-- not manifestation,
but the thing that's dogging
them and blocking them.
>>MCKENNA: Correct.
So they find the thing
that's dogging them.
Feel under it.
You'll feel a little
bit of weight.
It may feel hot, may feel cold,
but you'll feel a resistance.
And then what you do is,
just like a flamenco dancer--
da da da da da da da--
right through.
And it only takes maybe 20--
da, da-- maybe 20 seconds.
20 seconds would be a lot.
Maybe 10 seconds.
And then what you do, then
just put your hand back out,
and you'll see it.
It's going to be like--
>>REGINA: Moving right
through where it was.
>>MCKENNA: Yeah, and there's
no resistance there anymore.
And then notice, do
I feel any different
or do I have a new idea?
>>REGINA: OK, I'm hoping
that everybody did
that while we were chatting.
There was plenty of
time to do it in there.
Now let's do the same
thing with manifestation.
So we want to just give
everyone pause for a moment
to think of what is the thing
I really want to manifest.
>>MCKENNA: Ooh, yes.
>>REGINA: I really-- so the
desire is already in you,
so it's already part of you.
And then to reach
out and feel that.
Now that might be the other hand
because that is in the future.
>>MCKENNA: Feel it.
Find-- where would it be?
Where would it be
if it was somewhere?
OK, that's going to be
the first place you look.
If you do it that way,
you'll go right to it.
And you just kind
of, like, hmm, I
think it would be around here.
If you happen to be a person
that talks with your hands--
if you just say, I'm going
to talk about the new car,
and that new car is da,
da, da, and that new car--
it's there.
So you reach out and feel it.
And when you do, you'll feel--
not only will you feel
it, the weight of it,
the sides, the top,
how big it is--
put your hand
right in the middle
and notice how
your body responds.
>>REGINA: This is different.
You don't want to
clap that away.
No, no, no.
You want to embrace it,
you want to acknowledge it,
you want to thank it for
showing itself to you
so you know it's in process.
>>MCKENNA: Yes.
So when you actually
put your hand in it,
some people will kind
of see a timeline.
Like, oh, what happens five
minutes, 10 minutes later,
a year later?
What is this like?
Occasionally, people
will be like, uh-oh,
that's actually not
what I really want.
>>REGINA: Once you step in it.
>>MCKENNA: Yeah, they
clap-- yeah, the step in it,
clap it out, and they'll
say, well, what I really
want is this over here.
>>REGINA: Yes.
OK, let's talk about
something really important
right now here.
This is a big topic that
people don't get to.
And a lot of people, I think--
this is across the
board, whether you're
in a spiritual community
or business community
or whether you're in--
doesn't matter what you're in.
It's a human thing.
Instrumentalism.
Like you just said, no,
that's not what I really want,
I wanted that so I
could get over there.
So now let's break that down
a bit because instrumental
thinking is the
least direct path,
but we always feel we have to
somehow earn something or do
something to get something.
Let's talk about that.
Because that's a block, too.
>>MCKENNA: It is.
So this was something
that was super important
about the process--
why.
Why do I want it?
OK, that.
All right.
And why is that important to me?
So you just keep asking why,
and why is that important to me.
So you keep on-- dink, dink,
dink-- and you'll get to it.
And it's like, oh,
OK, well, maybe
this is what I really
want, it's not really that,
as you're saying.
>>REGINA: You want maybe
the thing that that
would ultimately
lead to, but you
think you can't go there
directly you for some reason.
>>MCKENNA: Yeah, exactly.
If I become a
billionaire, people
are going to love me because
I'm going to give them money,
or something.
Then people are
going to respect me.
Where maybe if you
treat people different,
they might just respect you.
>>REGINA: Exactly.
So that's part of the
process, part of the protocol,
is just keep inquiring
what you want from that.
>>MCKENNA: Yeah.
And this, by the way,
is the scope of life.
Anything that you could
imagine, this applies to.
>>REGINA: Now, if you're
asking for something
that is not in alignment,
maybe, with your higher part,
but it's just
something you desire,
how does that information
get reflected back to you?
>>MCKENNA: That's
a good question.
It often will get
reflected back as--
>>REGINA: No.
>>MCKENNA: Yeah,
no, or resistance.
You're trying like
hell and it ain't
going to happen because
it's not good for you.
So one of the questions you
want to ask yourself is,
is this good for all?
>>REGINA: Yes, for all.
OK, so I think it's
really important--
this is an important
conversation
to have real clarity on.
Because if you say,
I really want this,
and you're just
getting resistance
and just feels kind of icky,
then you got to look at-- you
got to start asking
those other questions.
And it sounds like that's
exactly what you're
talking about.
>>MCKENNA: Yeah, and this
will change a lot of times.
When people finally
go through the process
and they've eliminated the
resistance, a lot of times,
they're like, nah, not
really what I wanted.
>>REGINA: And it's
like right now.
So many people are
edgy and nervous
and they felt cooped
up for so long,
and they have a lot of
desires and frustrations.
It could be
something like, well,
I just want to move to Canada.
That's one you would hear.
"I've got to move to
Canada," which has--
you have to jump through
a few hoops to do that.
They don't just say, yeah,
come on in because you're
a dissatisfied American.
But in fact, what
you want is you
want to feel comfortable
in your own skin again.
You want to feel
part of a community.
It doesn't mean you have
to move away, per se.
That's just one kind of
little example of where we'll
kind of get an idea or
construct in our head,
but it's actually the feeling
that we want to satisfy.
>>MCKENNA: Yes,
that's exactly it.
Exactly it.
And it is the feeling
which will get us it.
>>REGINA: Yes.
So OK, you got to feel it.
You got to be feeling
it, and it has
to feel inviting and warm
and expansive and loving or
whatever, this thing that
you're trying to manifest.
Then you know you're on
the right track, right?
>>MCKENNA: Yes, but this
is really difficult.
I don't know if
this is a good time
to talk about that
and the base chakra.
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
>>MCKENNA: OK.
So law of attraction.
Everybody is trying to-- like,
oh, you've got to feel it,
you've got to feel
the love, you got
to feel the good
feeling of having it.
That sort of thing.
Well, with being
in our human nature
is that if we don't have
it, we don't feel stable.
Our first chakra is
all about stability.
>>REGINA: So it's mixing
fear in with desire.
>>MCKENNA: Yeah,
fear and desire.
And so when our base chakra is
not stable, then what happens
is our entire system--
if you looked at it kind
of like a foundation
of a building--
if the base chakra is
not stable, then so,
too, everything
else is off balance.
If I don't feel
financially stable
and I don't feel physically
able, if I feel--
>>REGINA: Don't feel worthy.
>>MCKENNA: If I
don't feel worthy,
if I'm in a war torn
country and I'm-- like,
threats of violence and stuff--
then I don't feel
like I can enjoy
the physical pleasures of life.
The second chakra.
I don't feel I have my
power, the third chakra.
I certainly don't
feel like I can just
reach out and love everybody.
Speaking my truth might
get me in trouble,
I doubt my intuition,
and where's God?
Where's my support
from the universe?
So everything goes all cockeyed.
So what we're going
to learn today
is how to snatch
this out of the field
and pull it in and pull it
down to our base chakra.
And when we do this, the
most wonderful thing happens,
and that is that we
have a stable feeling.
We are no longer
trying to get it,
but we'll have a
feeling of, I have it.
And with this, it's
so easy to let go.
We're no longer trying to
manufacture the feeling.
It's just the way we feel.
It's like, no,
this is happening.
This is going down.
>>REGINA: Well,
let's get into it.
>>MCKENNA: OK, all right.
We're going to demo it?
>>REGINA: Well, I don't know.
What are we going
to do, how are you
going to let people
know how this works?
I don't know, you tell me.
>>MCKENNA: OK, I'm good to go.
I'm going to-- I will
show you right now how--
>>REGINA: As long as you can
do it sitting in your chair
so the camera can see you.
>>MCKENNA: Yes.
>>REGINA: OK, good.
>>MCKENNA: OK, well, actually
I should probably preface this.
Let's talk about the
magnetoencephalograph.
OK, so things that
are out in the field,
we can actually measure now.
You have your brain,
and now there--
and we've done EEGs in the past.
You wear a hat, and they
measure all your brainwaves
and everything, and
you scan your brain.
Well, now this device,
this magnetoencephalograph,
what it does is it has
sensors outside of your head,
and when we have the thought--
pop-- it generates a
electromagnetic spark out
here that is actually picked
up outside of your brain.
And there's a location of
this thought in your brain
that they can tell
from out in the field.
>>REGINA: They know
where it originated from?
Well, they know where the
processing unit was located--
where in the processing
unit that was located,
that particular spark?
>>MCKENNA: Yeah.
>>REGINA: Interesting.
>>MCKENNA: So here you are.
You've got, now,
evidence of the mind,
the subconscious, the field.
Your thoughts are not here,
they're actually in the field.
And this further validates,
oh, I can feel it.
Well, guess what?
It's real.
So there is-- if I think
of, let's say, a cowboy.
I want a cowboy--
I'm a girl, I want
a cowboy boyfriend--
can be a boy, too-- but
say I want a cowboy.
Well, if I really
think about a cowboy,
that's going to light
up part of my brain.
I think, oh, yeah,
that's what I want.
OK, well, you just felt it
with your hand in the field.
Now, from the work that
we did with cognomovement,
we figured out that
wherever your eyes are--
if you look around
with your eyes,
there is a particular part of
the brain that will light up
in a particular location.
A memory or a
thought or a desire.
So when we-- let's say
this is right here--
the thing that I wanted to
manifest is right here--
if I pin my eyes on it and
I rotate my eyes around
and I keep on rotating
them around very,
very slowly, there's going to
be a connection point where
my brain is connected, lit up,
with this part of the field.
And when this
happens, it's amazing.
It's like-- wah-wah-wah--
you literally will feel this.
You're here and you're like,
uh-oh, whoa, what's going on?
You feel this what I
call a quantum wobble.
And you feel like, oh, my
gosh, it's interdimensional.
I'm like, this is very strange.
It'll be strange for
anybody because it's
a whole new feeling.
But it's easy to find.
You just simply
rotate, and now, when
my brain is connected
very specifically
with this item in the
field, you get this wobble.
And you also have this
feeling in your body
like, oh, this is going
to be good, I like this.
>>REGINA: So let me
just get clarity here.
So when you're
looking at the place
you've found this
in the aura, then
you want to have the full
range of eye movement.
So you want to move your head
like this so your eyes stay
trained on it?
>>MCKENNA: Yes.
>>REGINA: OK.
And then that is
going to precipitate
the feeling in the part of
the brain that's involved?
>>MCKENNA: Yeah,
you're searching.
Let's say it's right here,
and you're searching it out.
Very, very slowly,
you pin it on it.
Now, what we do is--
you can use anything.
Because it's a little bit easier
to take a device, something--
put your cup there--
where the car is,
or the cowboy--
let's say it's the cowboy--
right here.
And now I'm looking at it, and
I'm looking for the sweet spot.
And usually you'll--
you do it very slowly.
All of a sudden, you'll
feel it-- whoa-whoa-whoa--
>>REGINA: And that's when
you feel part of the brain
activate.
>>MCKENNA: The brain is
activated, and the body, too.
>>REGINA: Interesting, yeah.
>>MCKENNA: It's really neat.
So how do we do this?
I wanted to get through
that portion of it first,
just so people understand that.
Everybody has already
located that in the field.
So you reach out--
you reach out, and you say,
OK, well, there's that cowboy,
he's got that belt buckle.
Look at that.
You feel it all around,
feeling the spongy thing.
And then you may take that
device and you put it up there,
and just pin your
eye right on it.
And just slowly--
like this slowly--
just move the entire distance.
And at some point, you're going
to start having a reaction.
Now, when you do
this, you simply
just allow that
feeling to build.
If you can't find
it, no big deal.
You still located
it in the field.
This is an add-on.
It's still going to work.
Don't worry.
Don't get hung up on,
I couldn't find it--
no, it's OK.
So you just-- here
it is in the field.
You keep your eye pinned on it.
And notice the part of your
body that is reacting--
it's in my heart,
I can feel it--
OK, just take it slowly,
pinning your eye,
and with all your
intentions, I'm
taking this right
out of the field,
and I'm going to pull it
right into my physical body.
>>REGINA: Wow.
>>MCKENNA: And so now
what's going to happen is--
there's people on air
doing this right now--
so as they're doing
it, some of the people
are going to be like, oh
boy, I can really feel it,
and something
doesn't feel right.
And that is your fear.
You did not clear all the fear--
and you couldn't, probably,
for some of you--
but just, OK, what is my fear?
What's my fear of this?
And then let go of that fear.
I'm going to accept this, I'm
just not going to fear it.
And then what will happen is
the body's going to calm down.
And then as soon as it's
calmed down and it's there,
what you're going
to do is you're
going to imagine you're
pulling this right
down the center
of the body, right
down to the base of your torso.
For a man, this is between
the anus and testicles.
There's the first chakra,
and it points downward.
In a female, it is the cervix,
and it also points downward.
Now, this is the
area of creation.
And it's also the lowest,
slowest vibration.
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
Red, survival, first chakra,
creation-- procreation.
>>MCKENNA: Correct.
Yeah, so we're pulling it down.
Just imagine you're
pulling it down.
And you're going
to park it there.
You're going to park it there.
And when you do, there's--
one of two things is going
to happen.
You're going to
have this sensation,
and/or you're going to be
like, it doesn't want to stay,
it's popping back up.
If it's popping back up, then
that means you have a fear.
Ask, what's the
fear, why won't you
stay, why won't you stay down?
Again, let go of the fear.
There may be a couple fears.
Keep letting go of your fear.
Now, the amazing thing here
is people are always saying,
why didn't it manifest?
I've been working on
this law of attraction
and, you know, la, la, la.
Well, there's all these
little subtle things
that you weren't aware
of that you had fears on.
So you'll know it now, and
when this descends now,
you pull it down to
that first chakra--
when it stays there and you're
not trying to keep it there
but it's staying there, you
will have a completely different
point of view.
You're like, this is going
down, this is happening now.
And guess what?
It is.
So for some of you--
another thing-- some
of you were like,
I didn't feel it in my
body, I can't feel it
in my body, la, la, la, la, la.
Well, I'm going to take
you the longer route.
And the longer route is you
take this out of the field,
and we're going to bring
it in through the top
of the head, which
is the opening, which
is the back of the base chakra.
So we bring it in here, and
then we just bring it right down
and through.
The downgrade process
that we're going through--
when you felt it in
your heart, this thing
has already gone through
a downgrade process.
It's in your heart already.
So all you're doing is just
pulling that out and just
pulling it right
down to the base.
Where the lowest,
slowest vibration is,
it's closest to manifestation.
It is hermetic teaching.
As within, so without.
Everything goes from a high
vibration of thought downwards.
Here, we start with
ideas and then thoughts,
and then we start
talking about it.
Abracadabra.
With my words, I create.
>>REGINA: And that's interesting
because many times in life,
I've known people who say, oh,
I don't want to talk about it,
I don't want to jinx
it, I don't want
to be made a fool of
if it doesn't happen.
Where I feel the opposite.
If you want to create something,
start chatting about it.
Start saying, you know,
I really want to--
I'm really feeling
kind of like this could
be an interesting direction.
You are actually in
the process of creation
by talking about it.
Now, granted, there's
espionage and--
corporate espionage
and these kinds
of things that some people
have to worry about.
But for most of us, when we're
trying to manifest something
in life, to become enthused
and excited and put words to it
is actually an
important part of it.
>>MCKENNA: Yes.
Well, it is-- in the beginning,
"let there be light."
It was spoken.
So it is manifestation.
So it is one right through--
we're downgrading,
so these chakras
have lower and slower
vibrations as you go.
So as we go down, here's
the lower, slower action,
and then right down to that
base, which is our creation.
So that's how we do it.
It's so simple, and I can't
wait to get all the stories out
of everybody that's
going to enjoy this.
>>REGINA: People will
go back and watch it.
If they're not
doing it right now,
they'll go back and
pause this, go back
and start doing the process.
Now, we're going to
talk about one anecdote
because it's a guy that
you're working with,
he wanted to grow his business.
These are the Bio-Well images.
Let's take a look at these.
Tell this story, and let's
look at how it actually
manifests on the imagery.
And the Bio-Well was created
by Konstantin Korotkov,
the famous Soviet Academy of
Sciences Russian scientist
who understands energy
to a sublime extent
and has been able to actually
make it so we can see it.
>>MCKENNA: Yeah, thank God.
I've been helping people
with this for a long time,
and when--
I knew, obviously--
people are calling,
hey, you know what
happened today?
All kinds of things
are happening.
But I was like, well,
OK, I want to do a test.
Let's see what's going
on in the energy system.
Let's see.
So I had a guy in, and I
was working with him anyway.
So I was like, oh,
can we do a before?
So we did a before.
>>REGINA: So what are we
looking at in this chart?
>>MCKENNA: OK, so what we're
looking at here is across
the bottom, there's--
Bio-Well reads all of the
energy in every single organ.
31 different organs are listed
here, I think, or systems.
And it will read the
left and right energy--
or sympathetic/parasympathetic
Ida/Pingala, Yin/Yang--
and the bars that are
lit up are the ones
that are out of balance,
that the two energies are not
in balance.
>>REGINA: And those would be the
dark kind of purply-blue ones?
>>MCKENNA: That's correct.
Now, up the side, this is
the actual electrical charge.
It's measured in joules.
So we are an electrical being,
and this device actually
measures it.
So the cool thing here
is that we measured him,
and number 12, 13, 14 on
this are out of balance.
I think 12 and 13
out of balance.
But these are the base energies.
There are your coccyx
and your urinary
and these sorts of things.
>>REGINA: First chakra stuff.
>>MCKENNA: First chakra--
they're all first chakra stuff.
So this is his before shot.
Now, this guy was blocked.
He'd been a coach and kind of
a motivational speaker forever,
but he didn't have the
reach that he wanted.
So he was like, listen, Bill,
I want to be on large podcasts.
This is the exact words.
"I want to be on
large podcasts."
I was like, OK, large podcasts.
Well, tell me, what
is preventing you?
What is in conflict?
And he said,
there's no conflict.
And I was like, yes.
>>REGINA: So you take
him through the process.
>>MCKENNA: There you go.
For him it was, people are
famous, they get attacked.
And so we cleared
that-- ta ta ta ta ta.
OK, where is the big podcasts?
And being really well
known, beyond big podcasts,
it was, for him,
having real visibility.
Well, pulled it out.
We went through, pulled it down.
And when he pulled it down,
he had this, oh man, this
is happening, I feel
completely different about it.
And it was very physical.
We did some breath.
So I did some
breath work with him
because the breath
will energize as well.
So tummo breath-- there's lots
of different breaths out there.
But I just did a little
bit of breath with him.
>>REGINA: To kind of fuse
it in, get it to settle.
>>MCKENNA: Well, yeah, and to
build a little bit of energy.
So I said, OK, great,
we'll take another reading.
We took this reading, and
look at what happened.
>>REGINA: Oh, my God.
>>MCKENNA: Like we
talked about earlier,
the base goes into balance, the
rest of it goes into balance--
>>REGINA: And all of the energy
is higher across the board.
Way higher.
>>MCKENNA: That's right.
Now, this is a
fairly unusual one
because I've done others where--
but the common denominator
is that the base chakra,
the ones that represent
that, become imbalanced
and they increase.
Doing a little breath work
will help to bring everything,
for sure, into balance.
Now, when I read him the
second time, I was like, well,
guess what?
I know what's going down.
Get ready.
He leaves.
15 minutes-- 15-- tick,
tick, tick, tick--
15 minutes.
I get a phone call.
You're not going
to believe this.
He left me, he had a
call to a customer,
and his customer was so
thrilled with the changes
that he helped with.
He was like, this happened
and that happened and la, la,
la la, and he goes,
how can I help you?
And he goes, well--
and he had his
permission to speak now--
you know what?
Actually, do you
have any friends that
are large podcasts that can--
the guy said, well,
of course, yeah.
Actually, the 3 million used--
2 million, 1 million--
I'll get you on, I got
that, hold on a second.
Getting on all these big shows.
And then the story
just continued.
It didn't stop.
I was getting on the plane
here and I got a phone call,
and he said, oh, my gosh, you're
not going to believe this.
I was going on another
podcast, and somehow I
got on with the owner of
the entire radio station,
and he starts talking to me
and was like, you know what?
You need your own radio show.
I'm going to give
you a radio show.
Something like over
a million listeners.
So it was like--
I mean, it just exploded.
But he had cleared
out his resistances.
>>REGINA: This is where
we say, results may vary.
That's our little disclaimer.
That's obviously an
exceptional situation,
but the point is, you can
visibly see what happened here.
And to varying degrees, that's
happening with each one of us
when we commit
ourselves in this way.
>>MCKENNA: Yes.
>>REGINA: We only have
a few minutes left.
That's exceptional
to get through all
of this, all of
these techniques,
get through what it looks like
from the Bio-Well standpoint.
Now, in the next
few minutes, kind of
wrap up how we can
engage with this easily,
readily, kind of
any day on anything.
>>MCKENNA: OK, so this is
something that you can use.
It's not like the big thing.
It's not becoming
rich and famous.
But it's the simple things.
There's this one
couple that was--
the wife was like-- she
wanted to drive the car--
they had a nice car, and then he
had-- they call it the whoopty.
The rims were all jacked
up and wipers not working.
And so she don't want
to drive the whoopty.
So anyway, she's like,
I'm going to-- the car's
going to get fixed.
She didn't say anything.
Next day-- didn't say anything
to the husband, just cleared
out the financial thing.
Next day, he's like, hey
honey, look at the car.
Hubcaps, wipers fixed.
So it's the ordinary
things of life
that you can do right
here, right now.
And you don't have to go
through a big meditation on it.
You know already
with the block is.
Just settle yourself
and clap it out
and pull it in and
put it right there.
>>REGINA: I love the directness,
the simplicity, the elegance.
You don't need to practice
a particular meditation
or posture for 25
years to get there.
So I like anything that's
really direct and effective.
So I'll play with this a
little later on myself.
>>MCKENNA: Yeah,
well, it's just fun.
It's just fun.
And you can see
what shifts for you.
And there's a dynamic effect.
When you clear out these
things in your field,
there's all kinds
of other things
that are affected
you would not know.
>>REGINA: Well, there has to
be because we're all connected.
And if you're connected
deeply with someone,
anything happening
in your field is
going to impact their field
and their greater mind.
So it makes total sense.
If you can take the
initiative to make it
straight in your
own field, things
are going to start happening
to you and those around you.
And on top of everything
else, there's a little gift.
I'll tell people
about it right now.
OK, thanks so much, Bill.
So if you go to Bill's
website, cognomovement.com,
there's a free e-book on this
very technique he talked about,
called "Tiny Book
of Big Manifesting."
So be sure to go to
cognomovement.com.
Until next time, thank
you for joining us here
on "Open Minds."